to your brethren my people and to your
to your brethren my people and to your sisters mercy is shown bring charges
sisters mercy is shown bring charges
sisters mercy is shown bring charges against your mother bringing charges for
against your mother bringing charges for
against your mother bringing charges for she is not my wife nor am i her husband
she is not my wife nor am i her husband
she is not my wife nor am i her husband let her put away her harlotries from her
let her put away her harlotries from her
let her put away her harlotries from her sight and her adulterer is from between
sight and her adulterer is from between
sight and her adulterer is from between her breasts lest I strip her naked and
her breasts lest I strip her naked and
her breasts lest I strip her naked and exposing as in the day she was born and
exposing as in the day she was born and
exposing as in the day she was born and make her like a wilderness and sit her
make her like a wilderness and sit her
make her like a wilderness and sit her like a dry land and slay her with thirst
like a dry land and slay her with thirst
like a dry land and slay her with thirst I will not have mercy on her children
I will not have mercy on her children
I will not have mercy on her children for they are the children of harlotry
for they are the children of harlotry
for they are the children of harlotry for their mother has played the harlot
for their mother has played the harlot
for their mother has played the harlot she who conceived them has behaved
she who conceived them has behaved
she who conceived them has behaved shamefully for she said I will go after
shamefully for she said I will go after
shamefully for she said I will go after my lovers who give me my bread and my
my lovers who give me my bread and my
my lovers who give me my bread and my water my wool and my linen my oil and my
water my wool and my linen my oil and my
water my wool and my linen my oil and my drink therefore behold I will hedge up
drink therefore behold I will hedge up
drink therefore behold I will hedge up your way with forms and wall her in so
your way with forms and wall her in so
your way with forms and wall her in so that she cannot find her paths she will
that she cannot find her paths she will
that she cannot find her paths she will chase her lover's but not overtake them
chase her lover's but not overtake them
chase her lover's but not overtake them yes she will seek them but not find them
yes she will seek them but not find them
yes she will seek them but not find them then she will say I will go and return
then she will say I will go and return
then she will say I will go and return to my first husband for then it was
to my first husband for then it was
to my first husband for then it was better for me than now for she did not
better for me than now for she did not
better for me than now for she did not know that I gave her grain new wine and
know that I gave her grain new wine and
know that I gave her grain new wine and oil and multiplied her silver and gold
oil and multiplied her silver and gold
oil and multiplied her silver and gold which they prepared for bales therefore
which they prepared for bales therefore
which they prepared for bales therefore I will return and take away my grain in
I will return and take away my grain in
I will return and take away my grain in its time and my new wine in its season
its time and my new wine in its season
its time and my new wine in its season and will take back my wool and my linen
and will take back my wool and my linen
and will take back my wool and my linen given to cover her naked
given to cover her naked
given to cover her naked now I will uncover her lewdness in the
now I will uncover her lewdness in the
now I will uncover her lewdness in the sight of her lover's and no one shall
sight of her lover's and no one shall
sight of her lover's and no one shall deliver her from my hand
deliver her from my hand
deliver her from my hand I will also cause all her mouth to cease
I will also cause all her mouth to cease
I will also cause all her mouth to cease her feast days and New Moon's her
her feast days and New Moon's her
her feast days and New Moon's her Sabbath's all her appointed feasts and I
Sabbath's all her appointed feasts and I
Sabbath's all her appointed feasts and I will destroy her vines and her fig trees
will destroy her vines and her fig trees
will destroy her vines and her fig trees of which she has said these are my wages
of which she has said these are my wages
of which she has said these are my wages that my lovers have given me so I will
that my lovers have given me so I will
that my lovers have given me so I will make them a forest and the beasts of the
make them a forest and the beasts of the
make them a forest and the beasts of the field shall eat them I will punish her
field shall eat them I will punish her
field shall eat them I will punish her for the days of the bales to which she
for the days of the bales to which she
for the days of the bales to which she burned incense she decked herself with
burned incense she decked herself with
burned incense she decked herself with her earrings and jewelry and went after
her earrings and jewelry and went after
her earrings and jewelry and went after her lovers but me she forgot their form
her lovers but me she forgot their form
her lovers but me she forgot their form behold I will a lure her will bring her
behold I will a lure her will bring her
behold I will a lure her will bring her into the wilderness and speak comfort to
into the wilderness and speak comfort to
into the wilderness and speak comfort to her I will give her her vineyards from
her I will give her her vineyards from
her I will give her her vineyards from there and the valley of Achor as a door
there and the valley of Achor as a door
there and the valley of Achor as a door of hope she shall sing there as in the
of hope she shall sing there as in the
of hope she shall sing there as in the days of her youth as in the day when she
days of her youth as in the day when she
days of her youth as in the day when she came up from the land of Egypt and it
came up from the land of Egypt and it
came up from the land of Egypt and it shall be in that day that you will call
shall be in that day that you will call
shall be in that day that you will call me my husband and no longer call me my
me my husband and no longer call me my
me my husband and no longer call me my master for I would take from her mouth
master for I would take from her mouth
master for I would take from her mouth the names of the bales and they shall be
the names of the bales and they shall be
the names of the bales and they shall be remembered by their name no more in that
remembered by their name no more in that
remembered by their name no more in that day I will make a covenant for them with
day I will make a covenant for them with
day I will make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field with the birds
the beasts of the field with the birds
the beasts of the field with the birds of the air and with the creeping things
of the air and with the creeping things
of the air and with the creeping things of the ground bow and sword of battle I
of the ground bow and sword of battle I
of the ground bow and sword of battle I will shatter from the earth to make them
will shatter from the earth to make them
will shatter from the earth to make them lie down safely
lie down safely
lie down safely I will betroth you to me forever yes I
I will betroth you to me forever yes I
I will betroth you to me forever yes I will betroth you to me in righteousness
will betroth you to me in righteousness
will betroth you to me in righteousness and justice in loving kindness and mercy
and justice in loving kindness and mercy
and justice in loving kindness and mercy I will betroth you to me in faithfulness
I will betroth you to me in faithfulness
I will betroth you to me in faithfulness and you shall know the Lord it shall
and you shall know the Lord it shall
and you shall know the Lord it shall come to pass in that day that I will
come to pass in that day that I will
come to pass in that day that I will answer I will answer the heavens and
answer I will answer the heavens and
answer I will answer the heavens and they shall answer thee birth the earth
they shall answer thee birth the earth
they shall answer thee birth the earth shall answer with grain with new wine
shall answer with grain with new wine
shall answer with grain with new wine and with oil they shall answer Jerry
and with oil they shall answer Jerry
and with oil they shall answer Jerry then I will sell her for myself in the
then I will sell her for myself in the
then I will sell her for myself in the earth and I will have mercy on her who
earth and I will have mercy on her who
earth and I will have mercy on her who had not obtained mercy then I will say
had not obtained mercy then I will say
had not obtained mercy then I will say to those who were not my people you are
to those who were not my people you are
to those who were not my people you are my people and they shall say you are my
my people and they shall say you are my
my people and they shall say you are my god